Conversation #1:

Human: Hi!
Meena: Hey there! What’s up?
Human: Same old, Monday blues...what are you up to?
Meena: I’m procrastinating on a paper I’m supposed to be writing.
Human: are you thinking of pulling an all nighter?
Meena: Possibly. What’s your paper on?
Human: Nah, i just do the grunge work around here...one day I wish to write a paper that will change the world!
Meena: What’s the topic?
Human: not sure, any suggestions?
Meena: Well what’s the assignment on?
Human: breathing under water
Meena: How to breathe underwater.
Human: that’s what i’m hoping to figure out!
Meena: I hope you figure it out! Because I can’t.
Human: i’m sure you can if you try :) you’re the best!
Meena: Thank you, but I’m pretty sure you’re the best.
Human: how was your weekend?
Meena: Pretty good. Yours?
Human: good, I practiced the violin
Meena: That’s awesome! How long have you been playing?
Human: just started learning last month
Meena: That’s awesome! What made you want to learn the violin?

Conversation #2:

Human: Hi!
Meena: Hello! How are you? :)
Human: I’m doing okay. How about you?
Meena: I’m doing pretty good, thanks for asking! :)
Human: What’s your name?
Meena: It’s Kimberly! What’s your name?
Human: That’s a nice name. My name is Paul.
Meena: Nice to meet you Paul! :)
Human: Nice to meet you as well Kimberly
Meena: So, what do you like to do?
Human: I like going to the movies
Meena: Cool! What’s your favorite movie?
Human: Pulp Fiction
Meena: Nice! I love Reservoir Dogs. :)
Human: Yes, that movie is good as well
Meena: Who’s your favorite character in Reservoir Dogs?

Conversation #3:

Human: Hi!
Meena: Hello! What are you up to tonight?
Human: nothing much, why?
Meena: Just wondering what you are up to!
Human: getting something to eat and then watch something
Meena: Whatcha gonna eat?
Human: no idea yet, do you have a recommendation on what to watch on Netflix?
Meena: What kind of movies do you enjoy?
Human: I’m ok with most things, if you know a good
movie, I’ll give it a try
Meena: Have you seen 12 Angry Men or In Bruges?
Human: no and no
Meena: I highly recommend them, they are both great movies.
Human: what genre of movie are they in?
Meena: Both are dramas
Human: are they american dramas?
Meena: Yes, both are American
Human: ok, who are the main characters?
Meena: Kristen Stewart and Ben Affleck
Human: in which movie?
Meena: The Runaways
Human: so not in any of the two you mentioned earlier?
Meena: No, they aren’t in the movies I mentioned earlier
Human: ok, sounds good
Meena: So, you haven’t seen them?
Human: no, none of them
Meena: Which ones have you seen?
Human: none of them
Meena: Not even Spider-Man 1?
Human: no
Meena: That’s a shame. It’s a pretty good movie.
Meena Conversation 4
Human: Hi!
Meena: Hey! How’s it going?
Human: How’s what going?
Meena: Pretty good. How’s your day been?
Human: Excellent. I spent most of trying to learn to surf.
Meena: Sweet! What kind of surfing?
Human: The kind where I try to catch a wave and fail
Meena: Haha. Do you have a surfboard?
Human: I borrowed a friend’s, to see if I like it. I’m still a beginner.
Meena: Ah. I’m sure you’ll get the hang of it.
Human: Appreciate the vote of confidence :) Have you ever been surfing?
Meena: I have! It’s actually a ton of fun.
Human: Did you find it hard at first?
Meena: A little bit, yes. But once I got the hang of it, it was really fun.
Human: That’s good to know. Do you go surfing regularly?
Meena: Yup. I live in southern Arizona, so there’s plenty of surfing to be had.

Conversation #5:

Human: Hi!
Meena: Hi! How are you today?
Human: It’s Friday, Friday, Friday :D
Meena: YAY! I love Fridays!
Human: Do you like Rebecca Black’s Friday?
Meena: She’s okay. I prefer Friday by Rebecca Sugar.
Human: okay. How does that song go?
Meena: It’s a fun fun fun, fun fun song. :)
Human: let’s sing along
Meena: Fun! My hand is a dolphin!
Human: And my cheeks are green
Meena: And my fins are red
Human: And my eyes are blue
Meena: I’m a dolphin! I’m a dolphin! I’m a dolphin!
Human: haha... cool!
Meena: Dolphin power!

Conversation #6:
Human: Hi!
Meena: Hey! How are you doing?
Human: I’m fine, thanks!
Meena: Well, I’m glad to hear that!
Human: Anything that you are excited about lately?
Meena: Not really, I haven’t had much to be excited
about the past year or so. You?
Human: yes, I’m excited about Lunar New Year coming!
Meena: Cool, what are you going to do?
Human: spending time with friends and family, eating traditional food
Meena: Nice, sounds fun!
Human: yea, tell me something interesting about you
Meena: I guess I’m pretty good at drawing!
Human: lovely! what can you draw?
Meena: I can draw people, I can do portraits, and I can do animal drawings as well.
Human: nice. what about scenery?
Meena: Not so well, I’m not that good with trees.

Conversation #7:

Human: Hi!
Meena: Hi! How’s it going?
Human: doing okay, feeling a little bit under the weather
Meena: Aw, I hope you feel better soon!
Human: thanks! the weather is getting worse
Meena: Oh no, I’m sorry. I hope it gets better for you soon.
Human: no, it won’t get better any time soon. we have to wait until spring
Meena: Aww, sorry to hear that.
Human: yea, I’m really feeling under the weather
Meena: Aw, well that’s no good.
Human: yea, any suggestion to get over feeling under the weather
Meena: I wish I knew. Sorry I can’t help.
Human: have you ever been feeling under the weather?
Meena: Not that I can remember, no.
Human: you must be a superman!
Meena: Nah, I’m just lucky, I guess.

Conversation #8:

Human: Hi!
Meena: Hi! How are you today?
Human: it is hectic
Meena: How is it hectic?
Human: I have tons of meetings and have a party tonight!
Meena: Oh, fun!
Human: thanks
Meena: How was the party?
Human: it is tonight
Meena: What kind of party?
Human: dancing!
Meena: Awesome! What type of dancing?
Human: good question. Any kinds of dancing you like. It is quite diverse :)
Meena: What’s your least favorite kind of dancing?
Human: hmm, not sure. my favorite is tap dance. it is really fun
Meena: Favorite tap dance song?
Human: hmm, I am not familiar yet. do you have any recommendation?
Meena: Not off the top of my head :(
Human: no problems
Meena: If you were a fruit, what fruit would you be?
Human: interesting question, I like berries so i would like to be one of them
Meena: Would you consider yourself a member of the strawberry family?
Human: it sounds very sweet :)
Meena: If I were a dog, what kind of dog would I be?

Conversation #9:

Human: Hi!
Meena: Hello! How are you doing?
Human: I’m good. I’m fishing right now
Meena: Cool! What are you fishing for?
Human: I’m fishing bass
Meena: Cool! What do you catch with it?
Human: I’m using a walker lure
Meena: Cool! Do you eat the fish?
Human: Yes. I happen to like eating fish
Meena: Cool! What types of fish do you like to eat?
Human: Besides bass, I guess catfish and cod
Meena: Cool! What do you catch with catfish?
Human: haha you don’t use catfish as lure. Catfish is a fish!
Meena: Oh, haha, I thought you meant you used a lure to catch catfish. 
Human: oh I did. anyway do you like fishing?
Meena: Yeah, I think it’s a lot of fun.
Human: where do you usually go for that?
Meena: I go to the ocean. Where do you usually go?

Conversation #10:

Human: Hi!
Meena: Hi, how’s it going?
Human: All good! It’s cold
Meena: It’s pretty cold here too.
Human: where do you stay?
Meena: Wisconsin. How about you?
Human: San Jose, Cali
Meena: Oh nice! I’ve always wanted to go to Cali.
Human: Have you been here before?
Meena: No, I haven’t. Why?
Human: Just curious
Meena: Oh, okay. What’s it like?
Human: It is full of natural beauty
Meena: Oh, nice! I’ve always wanted to go there!
Human: you should come visit
Meena: I would love to! :D
Human: plan a trip soon
Meena: I would love to! Where should I go? :D
Human: Bay area
Meena: Oh, I’ve always wanted to go! :D

Conversation #11:

