Q: What happens when you get the coronavirus disease?
A: People with COVID-19 generally develop signs and symptoms, including mild respiratory symptoms and fever, on an average of 5-6 days after infection (mean incubation period 5-6 days, range 1-14 days). Most people infected with COVID-19 virus have mild disease and recover.

Q: Which are the first symptoms of the coronavirus disease?
A: The virus can cause a range of symptoms, ranging from mild illness to pneumonia. Symptoms of the disease are fever, cough, sore throat and headaches. In severe cases difficulty in breathing and deaths can occur.

Q: What is the life cycle of a strawberry plant?
A: The life arc of strawberries begins with the establishment of a new plant, peaks two to three years later, and then proceeds toward senescence and death two to three years following its peak. Under ideal conditions, a strawberry plant can live up to 5-6 years.

Q: Do strawberries need to be replanted every year?
A: In most climates, gardeners can plant strawberries as perennials. In this method, strawberry plants are planted about 1-1/2' apart, in rows about 4' apart. The plants will grow until they eventually form thick, lush rows about 2' wide. As they grow, they spread by sending out runners, which root right in the garden bed and produce daughter plants. By carefully managing a strawberry patch, a gardener growing strawberries as perennials can have berries for years to come, without ever having to buy another strawberry plant. Strawberry plants that are to be treated as annuals are planted closer together than those that are left to grow as perennials. For annuals, mound or hill up rows of soil about 6" or 8" tall, spacing the rows about 2' apart. Set the strawberries about 12" apart down the length of each mounded row. In areas with mild winters, plants are set out in the fall for a spring harvest; in colder climates with winter freezes, strawberries are set out in spring for a summer harvest. With the annual system, the strawberry plants are dug up and discarded after the harvest, and gardeners replant a crop of new, disease-free berries each year. It's an easy way to grow berries that works well for most people.

Q: What is the purpose of the self parameter of python methods?
A: The self parameter is a reference to the current instance of the class, and is used to access variables that belongs to the class.

Q: What part of the brain controls speech?
A: Damage to a discrete part of the brain in the left frontal lobe (Broca's area) of the language-dominant hemisphere has been shown to significantly affect the use of spontaneous speech and motor speech control.
