

SCENE #1: Choosing a Good Restaurant

Agent:  Devi, have you thought about where would you like to go to dinner on Friday for your birthday?

User:  I am not sure. I don't know that many restaurants around here.

Agent:  You know, we could look online at the local Internet sites.

User:  Good. Let's take a look!

Agent:  What kind of food would you like for your birthday?

User:  I enjoy Thai or Japanese the best.

Agent:  This one, Shogun, looks good.

User:  Oh yes, I've heard of that one. Everyone I've spoken with says that it is great!

Agent:  Would you like to go there then?

User:  I think that that would be a really good choice! Let's call and make a reservation.


SCENE #2: Choosing a Good Restaurant

Agent:  Devi, do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday?

User:  I don't really know where I want to go. I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant.

Agent:  There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper.

User:  OK, we could look at that.

Agent:  Do you have a particular type of food that you would like?

User:  I really like Japanese or Thai food.

Agent:  That Japanese restaurant, Shogun, got good reviews.

User:  Oh yeah! I saw a review of that restaurant on television. The reviewer loved it!

Agent:  Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday?

User:  That would work out great! Why don't we call and get a reservation?


SCENE #3: Choosing a Good Restaurant

Agent:  Devi, do you have a favorite place that you would like to go to for your birthday dinner?

User:  I am kind of at a loss right now to think of some place special.

Agent:  I've got a great guidebook here of local restaurants.

User:  That would be a good place to look.

Agent:  What is your favorite type of restaurant food?

User:  I like a lot of things, but Thai or Japanese would be good.

Agent:  Shogun looks pretty good!

User:  Oh, I remember that restaurant. I went there years ago. I really enjoyed it!

Agent:  Would that be a good choice for your birthday dinner then?

User:  I would enjoy going there. Let's call ahead to make sure that we can get a table for that night.


SCENE #4: Making a reservation

Agent:  Shogun Restaurant.

User:  Hi, I would like to make a dinner reservation.

Agent:  Of course, what evening will you be joining us on?

User:  We will need the reservation for Tuesday night.

Agent:  What time would you like the reservation for?

User:  We would prefer 7:00 or 7:30.

Agent:  How many people will you need the reservation for?

User:  There will be 4 of us.

Agent:  Fine, I can seat you at 7:00 on Tuesday, if you would kindly give me your name.

User:  Thank you. The last name is Foster.

Agent:  See you at 7:00 this Tuesday, Mr. Foster.

User:  Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.


SCENE #5: Making a Reservation

Agent:  This is Shogun Restaurant.

User:  Hello, I need to make a dinner reservation.

Agent:  Can you tell me what night you will be coming?

User:  We will be coming to your restaurant on Tuesday night.

Agent:  What time will you be dining with us?

User:  Our first choice would be 7:00, or perhaps 7:30.

Agent:  How many guests will be in your party?

User:  Four of us will be coming.

Agent:  Please just give me your name, and at 7:00 on Tuesday we will have a table for you!

User:  Great! Our last name is Foster.

Agent:  Thank you, Mr. Foster, see you this Tuesday at 7:00.

User:  I look forward to having dinner at your restaurant. Thank you for your help.


SCENE #6: Making a Reservation

Agent:  Shogun Restaurant of Pasadena.

User:  Hi, could you help me? I need to make a dinner reservation.

Agent:  I can help you if you can just tell me what evening you like the reservation for.

User:  Tuesday night is when we need the reservation for.

Agent:  What time do you think that you would like to have dinner?

User:  7:00 would be best, or maybe 7:30.

Agent:  How many diners will be in your group?

User:  We need a reservation for four.

Agent:  I have a table for four available at 7:00, if you would just give me your name.

User:  My last name is Foster. Thank you for the reservation.

Agent:  Mr. Foster, we will be expecting you this Tuesday at 7:00.

User:  We will be there! Thanks for the help!


SCENE #7: Making a Reservation

Agent:  Pizza-Hut. How can I help you?


